[2201.11.0]Add Http changes to U11 release note (#9654)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

## Ballerina library updates

> ### Features

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9655

#### `http` package

> - Added static code rules 

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9655

> - Added relax data binding support for service and client data binding

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9655

### Improvements

#### `http` package

> - Added `anydata` support for `setPayload` methods in the request and response objects
> - Improved `@http:Query` annotation to overwrite the query parameter name in client
> - Improved `@http:Query` annotation to overwrite the query parameter name in service
> - Added header name mapping support in record fields
> - Migrated client and service data binding lang utils usage into `data.jsondata` module utils `toJson` and `parserAsType`
> - Added support for configuring server name to be used in the SSL SNI extension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `anydata` support for `setPayload` methods in the request and response objects.
- Improved the `@http:Query` annotation to overwrite query parameter names in clients.
- Improved the `@http:Query` annotation to overwrite query parameter names in services.
- Added header name mapping support in record fields.
- Migrated client and service data binding to use the `toJson` and `parserAsType` functions from the  `ballerina/data.jsondata` module instead of the `fromJsonWithType` function from the `ballerina.lang.value` module, to support flexible data binding.
- Added support to configure the server name to be used in the SSL SNI extension.
```

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9655
